The collection “High Grounds” delivers an artistic solution to evoke reevaluation and connectivity within individuals by looking at our most significant source of inspiration and knowledge: nature. Climate change is in full progress and poses one of the biggest global challenges for humanity. Yet, we seem to fail to solve the problem. One hypothesis that could potentially explain why we seem to fail in living a conscious, sustainable, and environmentally friendly life is that we only care about our individual needs. To overcome the global crisis, we need to realize that only when working together can we solve problems sustainably and effectively. What better guidance to connectivity and reevaluation of community building could there be than in our nature? A natural system that was inspiring for my knitwear collection “High Grounds” is the wood wide web, the connecting network under the ground between trees and fungi through mycelium. Trees are social beings, as we are. They are trying to sustain their community based on sharing nutrition, water, and substances, being stronger together than as individuals. The wood wide web delivers a prime example of the importance of connectivity when it comes to building a functional system as a basis for effective problem-solving. We must mimic natural systems to overcome crises. The knitwear collection plays with an organic symbiosis of knit pieces, combining machine knit and crafts such as hand knitting, with biomaterial coatings. The collection gradually grows from fragility to density, from vulnerability to empowerment. By visually translating these values and uniting them, “High Grounds” raises questions about the fragility and vulnerability of an individual. It introduces complicated layers and intricate biomaterial connections to represent stability and robustness, leading attention to a conscious way of designing and craftsmanship. The aesthetic is guided by tactility and organic shapes in misty earth colors. In addition to the natural harshness and sculptural influence, versatile layers and romanticism within the silhouettes raise awareness of considerate consumption and natural materials. The outcomes are 6 looks that develop from a fragile hand-knit towards a dense double bed machine knit with the help of biomaterial coating. The biomaterial coating is used in 3 different ways to make the knit more innovative. First of all, to strengthen it, in the way of having the possibility to cut into the knitted fabric without fraying out. Furthermore, the coating works as bio glue, combining different knit panels, reducing waste products. Lastly, coatings work by manipulating and molding the knit into forms to shape onto or away from the body.